do it BP and national will fill you up
with me I'm just petrol like some free
glasses and if that doesn't cheer you up
you can buy some party mixes collect the
vouchers of participating BP and
national garages it's the season to be
jolly I made my favorite down on quality
streets there was pink and green and
purple to idea oh it's politics my
favorite is the golden penny at
altitudes
favorite favorite
philips announced rest eternal cheers
you'll be impressed in presto harp lager
159 Plowman splitter 129 cropped
original 359 classics and I'm impressed
you're impressed OH QC British sherry
189 fullness on white 239 tonino red 199
fruit Italian woman and press got in a
practice is a Roman daihatsu means
Gordon Holland Winchester 50 years
experience must mean a better deal for
you especially with our part exchange
allowances Christmas wouldn't be
Christmas without the big double issue
of TV times it has all the Christmas and
New Year shows you want to see on ITV
and Channel for more than 50 films big
star comedy drama music entertainment
for all the family and play winning
lines the TV times gained that when you
are sharing 50,000 pounds worth of
prizes Christmas could be be Christmas
without a big double issue of TV toys
a busy road a driver Charles Dickens
classic tale of the promise of wealth Oh
pip this young fellow has great
expectation and now prepare yourself the
strenuous business of becoming a
gentleman now owes to the health of our
young friend pip may find London all
that he hoped it would be Charles
Dickens great expectations is tomorrow
at half-past one here on ITV now on
television south we continue with our
published programs